O1: Binary search requires a sorted array to be effective. Binary search runs in logarithmic time, making O(log n) comparisons, where n is the number of elements in the array. Binary search is faster than linear search except for small arrays. Binary search can be used to solve a wider range of problems, such as finding the next-smallest or next-largest element in the array relative to the target even if it is absent from the array.

O2: Binary search tree requires a binary search tree to be effective. A binary search tree is a rooted binary tree data structure with the key of each internal node being greater than all the keys in the respective node's left subtree and less than the ones in its right subtree. The time complexity of operations on the binary search tree is linear with respect to the height of the tree.

O3: Binary search tree requires a binary search tree to be effective. A binary search tree is a rooted binary tree data structure with the key of each internal node being greater than all the keys in the respective node's left subtree and less than the ones in its right subtree.

O4: Binary search tree requires a binary search tree to be effective. A binary search tree is a rooted binary tree data structure with the key of each internal node being greater than all the keys in the respective node's left subtree and less than the ones in its right subtree.

O5: Binary search tree requires a binary search tree to be effective. A binary search tree is a rooted binary tree data structure with the key of each internal node being greater than all the keys in the respective node's left subtree and less than the ones in its right subtree.

O6: Binary search tree requires a binary search tree to be effective. A binary search tree is a rooted binary tree data structure with the key of each internal node being greater than all the keys in the respective node's left subtree and less than the ones in its right subtree.

O7: Binary search tree requires a binary search tree to be effective. A binary search tree is a rooted binary tree data structure with the key of each internal node being greater than all the keys in the respective node's left subtree and less than the ones in its right subtree.

O8: Binary search tree requires a binary search tree to be effective. A binary search tree is a rooted binary tree data structure with the key of each internal node being greater than all the keys in the respective node's left subtree and less than the ones in its right subtree.

O9: Binary search tree requires a