O1: Compost is a mixture of plant and organic materials, including leaves, grass, food scraps, and other materials, that is decomposed to provide nutrients and beneficial organisms to gardens, landscaping, horticulture, urban agriculture, and organic farming. It is commonly prepared by decomposing plant and food waste. Compost is rich in plant nutrients and beneficial organisms, such as bacteria, protozoa, nematodes, and fungi. It improves soil fertility by providing nutrients as fertilizer, acting as a soil conditioner, increasing humus or humic acid content, and introducing beneficial microbes that help to suppress pathogens in the soil and reduce soil-borne diseases. Composting is an important part of waste management, as it reduces methane emissions and provides an environmentally superior alternative to using organic material for landfills. Composting offers an environmentally superior alternative to using organic material for landfill due to anaerobic conditions, and compost can be used for land and stream reclamation, wetland construction, and landfill cover. Compost can be used as a fertilizer and soil conditioner. Compost is made from a mix of green and brown waste, which decompose into humus in a process taking months. Composting can be done in open piles or windrows with measured inputs of water, carbon, and nitrogen-rich materials. Composting is an important part of waste management, as food and compostable materials make up about 20% of waste in landfills. Composting offers an environmentally superior alternative to using organic material for landfills due to anaerobic conditions, and compost can be used for land and stream reclamation, wetland construction, and landfill cover. Compost is a mixture of plant and organic materials, including leaves, grass, food scraps, and other materials, that is decomposed to provide nutrients and beneficial organisms to gardens, landscaping, horticulture, urban agriculture, and organic farming. Compost is rich in plant nutrients and beneficial organisms, such as bacteria, protozoa, nematodes, and fungi. Composting is an important part of waste management, as it reduces methane emissions due to anaerobic conditions, and provides an environmentally superior alternative to using organic material for landfills. Composting offers an environmentally superior alternative to using organic material for landfills due to anaerobic conditions, and compost can be used for land and stream reclamation, wetland construction, and landfill cover. Compost can be used as a fertilizer and soil conditioner. Compost is made from a mix of green and brown waste, which