O1: Green inputs for composting: The green inputs for composting are leaves, grass, and food scraps. These materials are rich in nitrogen and are used to create a mixture that decomposes into humus over time.

O2: Vermicast: Vermicast is the end-product of the decomposition process using various species of worms to create a mixture of decomposing vegetable or food waste, bedding materials, and vermicast. It is an excellent, nutrient-rich organic fertilizer and soil conditioner.

O3: Vermicompost: Vermicompost is the product of the decomposition process using various species of worms to create a mixture of decomposing vegetable or food waste, bedding materials, and vermicast. It is an excellent, nutrient-rich organic fertilizer and soil conditioner.

O4: Vermicompost: Vermicompost contains water-soluble nutrients which may be extracted as vermiwash and is an excellent, nutrient-rich organic fertilizer and soil conditioner.

O5: Vermicompost: Vermicompost is used in gardening and sustainable, organic farming.

O6: Vermicompost: Vermicompost is a mixture of decomposing vegetable or food waste, bedding materials, and vermicast.

O7: Vermicompost: Vermicast is the end-product of the decomposition process using various species of worms to create a mixture of decomposing vegetable or food waste.

O8: Vermicompost: Vermicast is an excellent, nutrient-rich organic fertilizer and soil conditioner.

O9: Vermicompost: Vermicompost is used in gardening and sustainable, organic farming.

O10: Vermicompost: Vermicompost is a mixture of decomposing vegetable or food waste.

O11: Vermicompost: Vermicompost is an excellent, nutrient-rich organic fertilizer and soil conditioner.

O12: Vermicompost: Vermicompost is used in gardening and sustainable, organic farming.

O13: Vermicompost: Vermicompost is a mixture of decomposing vegetable or food waste.

O14: Vermicomcast: Vermicomcast is the end-product of the decomposition process using various species of worms to create a mixture of decomposing vegetable or food waste.

O15: Vermicomcast: Vermicomcast is an excellent, nutrient-rich organic fertilizer and soil conditioner.

O16: Vermicomcast: Vermicomcast is used in gardening and sustainable, organic farming.

O17: Vermicomcast: Vermicomcast is a mixture of decomposing vegetable or food waste.

O18: Vermicom