O1: Grafting joins the vascular tissues of plants together to continue their growth. The scion (upper part of the combined plant) and the rootstock are the terms used to describe the parts of the plant. The grafting technique is commonly used in horticulture and agriculture for asexual propagation. The scion is typically grafted onto the stock at the soil line, while the root system is the lower part.
O2: Pruning is the removal of certain parts of a plant, such as branches, buds, or roots. It is a practice in horticulture, arboriculture, and silviculture. The removal of diseased, dead, or non-productive plant material is the goal of pruning. The smaller the branch, the easier it is for a woody plant to compartmentalize the wound and limit the potential for pathogen intrusion and decay.
O3: Pruning is the removal of diseased, damaged, dead, non-productive, or otherwise unwanted plant material from crop and landscape plants. It is a practice in horticulture, arboriculture, and silviculture. The removal of diseased, dead, or non-productive plant material from crop and landscape plants is the goal of pruning. The removal of diseased, dead, or non-productive plant material from crop and landscape plants is the goal of pruning. The removal of diseased, dead, or non-productive plant material from crop and landscape plants is the goal of pruning. The removal of diseased, dead, or non-productive plant material from crop and landscape plants is the goal of pruning. The removal of diseased, dead, or non-productive plant material from crop and landscape plants is the goal of pruning. The removal of diseased, dead, or non-productive plant material from crop and landscape plants is the goal of pruning. The removal of diseased, dead, or non-productive plant material from crop and landscape plants is the goal of pruning. The removal of diseased, dead, or non-productive plant material from crop and landscape plants is the goal of pruning. The removal of diseased, dead, or non-productive plant material from crop and landscape plants is the goal of pruning. The removal of diseased, dead, or non-productive plant material from crop and landscape plants is the goal of pruning. The removal of diseased, dead, or non-productive plant material from crop and landscape plants is the goal of pruning. The removal of diseased, dead,