O1: The graft must be grafted to the soil line for the vascular tissues to grow together.
O2: The reason for pruning unwanted material is to remove diseased, damaged, dead, non-productive, or structurally unsound plant material.
O3: Cladoptosis, a natural shedding of branches, is theorized to occur in response to lack of water.
O4: Self-pruning, a process where woody plants drop twigs or branches, is theorized to occur in response to lack of water.
O5: The practice of pruning unwanted material is to limit the potential for pathogen intrusion and decay.
O6: The natural shedding of branches is called cladoptosis, a process theorized to occur in response to lack of water.
O7: The practice of pruning unwanted material is to limit the potential for pathogen intrusion and decay.
O8: The process of self-pruning, a process where woody plants drop twigs or branches, is theorized to occur in response to lack of water.
O9: The process of self-pruning is called cladoptosis, a process theorized to occur in response to lack of water.
O10: The process of self-pruning is called cladoptosis, a process theorized to occur in response to lack of water.
O11: The process of self-pruning is called cladoptosis, a process theorized to occur in response to lack of water.
O12: The process of self-pruning is called cladoptosis, a process theorized to occur in response to lack of water.
O13: The process of self-pruning is called cladoptosis, a process theorized to occur in response to lack of water.
O14: The process of self-pruning is called cladoptosis, a process theorized to occur in response to lack of water.
O15: The process of self-pruning is called cladoptosis, a process theorized to occur in response to lack of water.
O16: The process of self-pruning is called cladoptosis, a process theorized to occur in response to lack of water.
O17: The process of self-pruning is called cladoptosis, a process theorized to occur in response to lack of water.
O18: The process of self-pruning is called cladoptosis, a process theorized to occur in response to lack of water.
O19: The process of self-pruning is called