O1: The function of a constitution is to establish the fundamental principles or established precedents that constitute the legal basis of a polity, organization or other type of entity. It serves as a framework that outlines the organization's structure, governance, and rules of operation. A constitution can be written down into a single document or set of documents, and when written in a single comprehensive document, it is said to be codified. The United Kingdom's constitution is an example of an uncodified constitution, written in numerous acts of a legislature, court cases, and treaties.

O2: A constitutional monarchy is a form of monarchy in which the monarch exercises their authority according to a constitution and is not alone in making decisions. Constitutional monarchies differ from absolute monarchies in that they are bound to exercise powers and authorities within limits prescribed by an established legal framework. The powers of constitutional monarchs vary, with some having virtually no executive or policy-making power and being a hereditary symbolic head of state, while others have meaningful formal powers.

O3: Constitutional monarchies are a type of monarchy where the monarch exercises their authority within limits established by a constitution and is not alone in making decisions. The powers of constitutional monarchs vary, with some having virtually no executive or policy-making power and being a hereditary symbolic head of state, while others have meaningful formal powers.

O4: Constitutional monarchy is a form of monarchy in which the monarch exercises their authority according to a constitution and is not alone in making decisions. Constitutional monarchies differ from absolute monarchies in that they are bound to exercise powers and authorities within limits established by an established legal framework. The powers of constitutional monarchs vary, with some having virtually no executive or policy-making power and being a hereditary symbolic head of state, while others have meaningful formal powers.

O5: Constitutional monarchies are a type of monarchy where the monarch exercises their authority within limits established by a constitution and is not alone in making decisions. The powers of constitutional monarchs vary, with some having virtually no executive or policy-making power and being a hereditary symbolic head of state, while others have meaningful formal powers.

O6: Constitutional monarchy is a form of monarchy in which the monarch exercises their authority according to a constitution and is not alone in making decisions. Constitutional monarchies differ from absolute monarchies in that they are bound to exercise powers and authorities within limits established by an established legal framework. The powers of constitutional monarchs vary, with some having virtually no executive or policy-making power and being a hereditary symbolic head of