O1: Barcelona is the capital and largest city of Catalonia, located on the northeastern coast of Spain. It is the capital and largest city of the autonomous community of Catalonia, as well as the second-most populous municipality of Spain after Madrid. It is one of the largest metropolises on the Mediterranean Sea, located on the coast between the mouths of the rivers Llobregat and Besòs, and bounded to the west by the Serra de Collserola mountain range. It is the capital and largest city of the autonomous region of Catalonia, as well as the second-most populous municipality of Spain after Madrid. It is one of the largest metropolises on the Mediterranean Sea, located on the coast between the mouths of the rivers Llobregat and Besòs, and bounded to the west by the Serra de Collserola mountain range. It is the capital and largest city of the autonomous region of Catalonia, as well as the second-most populous municipality of Spain after Madrid. It is one of the largest metropolises on the Mediterranean Sea, located on the coast between the mouths of the rivers Llobregat and Besòs, and bounded to the west by the Serra de Collserola mountain range. It is the capital and largest city of the autonomous region of Catalonia, as well as the second-most populous municipality of Spain after Madrid. It is one of the largest metropolises on the Mediterranean Sea, located on the coast between the mouths of the rivers Llobregat and Besòs, and bounded to the west by the Serra de Collserola mountain range. It is the capital and largest city of the autonomous region of Catalonia, as well as the second-most populous municipality of Spain after Madrid. It is one of the largest metropolises on the Mediterranean Sea, located on the coast between the mouths of the rivers Llobregat and Besòs, and bounded to the west by the Serra de Collserola mountain range. It is the capital and largest city of the autonomous region of Catalonia, as well as the second-most populous municipality of Spain after Madrid. It is one of the largest metropolises on the Mediterranean Sea, located on the coast between the mouths of the rivers Llobregat and Besòs, and bounded to the west by the Serra de Collserola mountain range. It is the capital and largest city of the autonomous region of Catalonia, as well as the second-most populous municipality of Spain after Madrid. It is one of the largest metropol